- Yes, but... but what a scandal. - You may go now.
- But... - You may go.
- Well, tell me, why are you staring at my nose? - Oh, I was not staring.
- Does that astonish you? - Why, no, I've been careful not to look.
- Oh, and why not, if you please? It disgusts you, then. - But, no, I don't...
- Does its color appear to you unwholesome? - By no means.
- And possibly you find it just a trifle large? - No, small, very small, tiny, infinitesimal.
- What? You accuse me of absurdity? Small my nose? Why, magnificent my nose!
As you pug, you knob, you buttonhead, know that I glory in this nose of mine.
For a great nose indicates a great man. Genial, courteous, intellectual, virile, courageous.
Whilst that face of yours, that blank, inglorious concavity...
...which my right hand finds on top of you, is as devoid of pride, of poetry, of soul...
...of picturesqueness, of contour, of character, of nose, in short...
...as that which at the bottom of that limp spine of yours my left foot...
- Oh, hell a farce! - Presently, this fellow will grow tiresome.
- Oh, he blows his horn. - Well, will no one put him in his place?
If you will allow me. Observe.
Monsieur, your nose, your nose is rather large.
- Rather? - Oh, well.
- Is that all? - Well, of course, if you...
Ah, no, young sir, you're too simple. Why, you might have said a great many things.
Why waste your opportunity? For example, thus, aggressive.
I swear if that nose were mine, I'd have it amputated on the spot.
Practical. How do you drink with such a nose?
You must have had a cup made especially. Descriptive. 'Tis a rock.